- The Duke and Ella, so
let's have a wonderful
reception for them (clapping)
(jazz music plays)
♪ It don't mean a thing if it
♪ Ain't go that swing ♪
(scatting)
♪ It don't mean a thing ♪
♪ All you gotta do is sing ♪
(scatting)
♪ Makes no difference
if it's sweet or hot ♪
♪ Give that rhythm
everything you've got, oh ♪
♪ It don't mean a thing if
you ain't got that swing ♪
(scatting)
♪ It don't mean a thing if
it ain't got that swing ♪
(vocalizing)
♪ Don't mean a thing, all
you gotta do is sing ♪
(scatting)
♪ Makes no difference
if it's sweet or hot ♪
♪ Give that rhythm
everything you've got ♪
♪ Don't mean a thing if
it ain't got that swing ♪
(scatting)
(piano playing)
♪ It don't mean a thing ♪
(scatting)
♪ All you've gotta do is sing ♪
♪ Makes no difference if
that rhythm's sweet or hot ♪
♪ Give it everything,
everything you've got ♪
♪ Don't mean a thing ♪
♪ if it ain't ♪
♪ Got ♪
♪ Don't mean a thing ♪
(scatting)
♪ Don't mean a
thing (clapping) ♪